# Coffee Editorial Design

> Colin likes coffee. 

Stuff about coffee. Coffee is good. Coffee is great. Coffee is life. Coffee is love. Coffee is everything. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. Coffee is the universe. Coffee is the world. Coffee is the sun. Coffee is the moon. Coffee is the stars. Coffee is the planets. Coffee is the galaxy. Coffee is the milky way. Coffee is the solar system. 

## Citations
* GitHub CoPilot
* [Coffee](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coffee)
* [Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/)
